#ean-android

This project intends to:
- Provide a java library to ease implementation of the EAN API within a native android app.
- Provide a sample android app demonstrating use of this library.

##Building The Library

###Requirements

- Java JDK (1.6+)
- Apache Ant (1.7+)

1. Download the source code via whatever method you choose
    - With a git client:
    
            git clone git://github.com/aaronklor/ean-android.git
2. In the same directory as build.xml (ean-android/api-lib/) run ant.

        cd /path/to/ean-android
        cd api-lib
        ant
3. You have now built the api-lib.

The build (assuming it worked properly) will have resolved dependencies (creating and populating a lib/ folder in the process), checked the project for style issues, run junit tests, built the javadoc, and built jars to the build/ directory.
        
        ean-android/
            api-lib/
                build.xml
                build/
                    ean-api-lib.jar
                    ean-api-lib-all.jar
                lib/
                    some jars
                    
ean-api-lib.jar contains the minimal set of classes to use the library, whereas ean-api-lib-full.jar contains not only the classes, but their sources and the generated javadoc as well.

To publish the newly built jars so that the sample-app can access them in its build script run

        ant publish
instead of

        ant
to build, test, and deploy the newly made jars to a local repository where it can be accessed by the sample-app build script.

##Building The Sample App

###Requirements

- Java JDK (1.6+)
- Apache Ant (1.7+)
- Android sdk on path, with api level 10+ installed

1. Download the source code
    - If you downloaded the libarary, you already have the source
    - Otherwise, follow the same download instructions as the libarary above.
2. In a terminal, cd to the sample app's main directory (ean-android/sample-app).

3. Update the project to generate all of the autogenerated stuff for an android project.

        android update project --path ./ --target [appropriate target, use android list to determine what is best for your environment]

4. Now run ant to download the dependencies.

        ant resolve.dependencies






##IDE Setup Tips

###api-lib
- Do not include android.jar on the classpath. The unit tests will be unable to run due to stubbing issues.
- Include src/app and src/stubs as project files. 
    - src/stubs provides functionality that allows us to not need android.jar during development and testing, but does not need to be included with the output jar.